README.md, before:

# Genomes

A web based tool for genome visualization 

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

Don't forget to index your fasta-, bam- and vcf-files with samtools

```
samtools index path/to/myfasta.fa 
```

### Running



Start with

```
cargo run data/mybam.bam data/myfasta.fa data/myvcf.vcf
```

## Built With

* [Rocket](https://rocket.rs) - A web framework for Rust
* [Vega/Vega-Lite](https://vega.github.io) - A visualization grammar
* [Rust-Htslib](https://github.com/rust-bio/rust-htslib) - HTSlib bindings and a high level Rust API for reading and writing BAM files
* [Rust-Bio](https://github.com/rust-bio/rust-bio) - algorithms and data structures that are useful for bioinformatics

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/b24679402957c63ec426) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Authors

* **Felix Wiegand** - (https://github.com/fxwiegand)

See also the list of contributors who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Created for the bachelor thesis of **Felix Wiegand** as TU Dortmund University

Commit message:

updated README for static use

README.md, after:

# Genomes

A web based tool for genome visualization 

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

Don't forget to index your fasta-, bam- and vcf-files with samtools

```
samtools index path/to/myfasta.fa 
```

### Running

Start with

```
cargo run data/mybam.bam data/myfasta.fa data/myvcf.vcf
```

For a static view with the [Vega Online Editor](https://vega.github.io/editor/) start with

```
cargo run static_json data/mybam.bam data/myfasta.fa data/myvcf.vcf chromosom from to
```

## Built With

* [Rocket](https://rocket.rs) - A web framework for Rust
* [Vega/Vega-Lite](https://vega.github.io) - A visualization grammar
* [Rust-Htslib](https://github.com/rust-bio/rust-htslib) - HTSlib bindings and a high level Rust API for reading and writing BAM files
* [Rust-Bio](https://github.com/rust-bio/rust-bio) - algorithms and data structures that are useful for bioinformatics
* [rust-jsonm](https://github.com/andrewnester/rust-jsonm) and [jsonm](https://github.com/lennartcl/jsonm) - json compressor for packing messages with memoization 

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/b24679402957c63ec426) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Authors

* **Felix Wiegand** - (https://github.com/fxwiegand)

See also the list of contributors who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Created for the bachelor thesis of **Felix Wiegand** as TU Dortmund University
